[Release] sdk/resourcemanager/purestorageblock/armpurestorageblock/0.1.0 (#24619)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-go: sdk/resourcemanager/purestorageblock/armpurestorageblock/README.md

> # Azure Purestorageblock Module for Go

Reviewer: please help refine the module name

Author: fixed

The `armpurestorageblock` module provides operations for working with Azure Pure Storage Block.

[Source code](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-go/tree/main/sdk/resourcemanager/purestorageblock/armpurestorageblock)

# Getting started

## Prerequisites

- an [Azure subscription](https://azure.microsoft.com/free/)
- Go 1.18 or above (You could download and install the latest version of Go from [here](https://go.dev/doc/install). It will replace the existing Go on your machine. If you want to install multiple Go versions on the same machine, you could refer this [doc](https://go.dev/doc/manage-install).)

## Install the package

This project uses [Go modules](https://github.com/golang/go/wiki/Modules) for versioning and dependency management.

Install the Azure Purestorageblock module:

```sh
go get github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-go/sdk/resourcemanager/purestorageblock/armpurestorageblock
```

## Authorization

> When creating a client, you will need to provide a credential for authenticating with Azure Purestorageblock.  The `azidentity` module provides facilities for various ways of authenticating with Azure including client/secret, certificate, managed identity, and more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When creating a client, you will need to provide a credential for authenticating with Azure Pure Storage Block.  The `azidentity` module provides facilities for various ways of authenticating with Azure including client/secret, certificate, managed identity, and more.
```
